[DLA 2] Add `qml.dla.lie_closure` function (#5169)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/code/qml_pauli.rst

For a larger example of how grouping can be used with PennyLane, check out the
`Measurement Optimization demo <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_measurement_optimize/>`_.

Dynamical Lie Algebras
----------------------

> Dynamical Lie Algebra (DLA) functionality in PennyLane.
> 
> See our `introduction to Dynamical Lie Algebras for quantum practitioners <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_liealgebra/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PennyLane provides support for working with dynamical Lie algebras (DLA) of Pauli operators.
See our `introduction to Dynamical Lie Algebras for quantum practitioners <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_liealgebra/>`__.
```
I felt that the original way was a bit too brief, but my suggestion isn't much longer :laughing:

.. currentmodule:: pennylane.pauli.dla

.. autosummary::
    :toctree: api

    ~PauliVSpace

>     ~lie_closure

Reviewer: Please could we get it so that `lie_closure` points to the top-level version, i.e., so you'd see `qml.lie_closure` rather than `qml.pauli.dla.lie_closure`? The preference is to have a single (preferably top level) entrypoint that is recommended to users in the docs.
